Exceptional crypto, NFT and Web3 sites that turn your visitors into your coin and NFT owners. Lighting fast build-outs possible. Stunning and clean design skills that turn your vision into reality. 8+ years of professional experience Let’s get your site launched right the first time!
    
Invite me to your job on Upwork and we’ll schedule a consultation call to get you a price, timeline and your questions answered so you can launch with confidence.

I’ve worked with clients like Red Bull, MoviePass, Unreal, Wolfgang Puck, Nobu, Ponix, Bonobos, TB12 to deliver top-tier websites and I can help you do the same!

Hey there! My name is Choi and I’m an Atlanta, USA-based full-stack developer focused on building top-notch custom, responsive and mobile-friendly sites.

Integration of search engine optimization (SEO) and conversion rate optimization (CRO) is included in all of my work.

The types of clients I chose to work with are serious about results, organized, know what they want and open to suggestions and trusting in expertise.

Here’s what my site build-out process typically looks like:

1) Discovery - Deep dive into your organization and goals.

2) Design - Create wireframe mockups, review with clients and annotate real-time changes. I provide up to three design rounds/iterations.

3) Development - Once the design is approved, I develop the design into functional code utilizing a CMS.

4) QA - Test the website for responsiveness and functionalities on all popular browsers and devices.

5) Launch - We are live! Clients then go through a training session on how to manage the website and I hand the keys to the site over.
The types of work I usually help my clients with include:

- WordPress Website & Landing Page Development, Design & Redesign
- NFT Site Development & Deployment

The platforms I commonly work with include:

- CMS - WordPress, Shopify & WooCommerce
- Polygon & Ethereum Main Net

Development Languages I have expertise in:

- HTML, CSS, PHP, React, Java, Web3, Solidity and more.

Looking forward to learning about your project so that we can bring it to life together! Send me an invite on Upwork to get the process started. Talk soon!